Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now when a user is trying to create an account, of course, you know, there might be a bit delay and
these days they're going to know if their account is being created or not.
So what we can do is we can create a loden screen over here.
So embedded is a timestamps on register.
It's going to start loading.
So this is going to know that the account is being created.
Okay.
Not to do this.
What we just have to do is look at the top.
Okay.
That's why we're going to create a variable which is a true and a force variable.
So we can.
So we can call this variable over this call is loaded.
They're going to set it to false for now.
Okay.
Then it sees it.
Type of bool.
Okay.
Great.
Now, what they can do next is.
Over a year we can sit states.
Then we can sit on the score is loaded.
Is equal to.
So true.
So if we start loading.
Then after it finishes creating the accounts that is after here.
Before the earth.
Okay.
We can then set dates again.
They were going to sit on the score is loaded is equal to force.
Okay.
Great.
Now.
Okay, so we need to had a semicolon.
Okay.
Now what you're going to do over the register test.
I'm just going to look for that.
Okay.
This is a divided.
Now you're going to check it on the score is.
Loaded.
That is if it is loaded.
Then.
Okay, then.
We want to use a central widget.
Sorry.
Okay.
They're going to have a child.
Then there's a circular.
Circular circle of circle.
La.
Can't we just feel good progress and the kids are okay.
Grades.
Great.
Zimbabwe is the center, not the center of the second indicator.
We can just give a call or two.
It's.
You can't give a color of colours.
That's why.
Okay, great.
So if it is if it is true, then once we return to secular progressive, the kids are dead or house.
So we're going to use this nuts, which means house.
Right.
Once we turn that.
If you're just going to check.
What's going on?
Okay.
I think we need one additional parenthesis.
Now we're going to use Contra and S to save.
Okay.
Now, what we simply did is we created a variable card based on this called loaded.
Then defaults, we set it to force.
The reason for this is so it will start loaded immediately.
We are in the register page.
So that was I will set it to force default then.
Also it is a type of bool that is supposedly true or false.
Value it over your first.
We said states where it is function is triggered.
Then we start loaded.
Then right then we are sitting at the chew.
So we start loading and after creating the accounts you can see it is in here.
After creating an account there wants to set it to force.
That is, want to stop loading?
It's okay.
Now I'm going to try this out.
Okay.
First of all, I'm going to pick an image from.
My gallery.
We can call this we can call this one name.
You're going to call this lot the.
Floods are okay.
They are just the way floods are.
She will dot come.
Then the password can be the.
Why is he okay?
They're going to click on the register.
Okay.
Great.
Now maybe it starts creating really crazy accounts.
This is going to start.
Okay, now I'm just going to check my time with this is what is going on there as well.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
I was in a very serious network issue, but I can see a network error and network issue.
And network issue.
Of course.
Right.
So you can see I'm loving a very loving network issue.
So let's see what else is going to work.
If you have a good network.
Okay, I'm going to try to do this again.
Okay.
Oh, I'm just going to leave this for you.
Okay,
great.
Great.
So I believe you understand the process bit by bit.
Probably.
I think we've got another error in the check, like a block or so if it's actually got created.
Okay.
You can see it was not created probably.
It's also popped out the network issue error.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you.